Add temporal support and fallback to usual http runner if env is not RR (#39)
yiisoft/yii-runner-roadrunner: README.md

Explore more about Temporal on the official website https://temporal.io and in the sdk repository: https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-php.

[//]: # (If you want to add support for Temporal you need to install the SDK and configure workflows and activities.)

### Installation

```shell
composer require temporal/sdk
```

### Configuration

Temporal has at least two main class types: Activity and Workflow.
Any activity must have the attribute `\Temporal\Activity\ActivityInterface`:

```php
namespace App\Activity;

#[\Temporal\Activity\ActivityInterface]
class MyActivity
{
   // ...
}
```

Any workflow must have the attribute `\Temporal\Workflow\WorkflowInterface`.

```php
namespace App\Workflow;

#[\Temporal\Workflow\WorkflowInterface]
class MyWorkflow
{
   // ...
}

```

To make the temporal engine see your activities and workflows you should configure the dependency injection container.
Add the tags `tag@temporal.activity` and `tag@temporal.workflow` to your services:

```php
// config/common/temporal.php

return [
    'tag@temporal.activity' => [
        \App\Activity\MyActivity::class,
    ],
    'tag@temporal.workflow' => [
        \App\Workflow\MyWorkflow::class,
    ],
]
```

> > If you use not `yiisoft/di` as a container, make sure that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you use another container instead of `yiisoft/di`, make sure that 
```

Any activity must have the attribute `\Temporal\Activity\ActivityInterface`:

```php
namespace App\Activity;

#[\Temporal\Activity\ActivityInterface]
class MyActivity
{
   // ...
}
```

Any workflow must have the attribute `\Temporal\Workflow\WorkflowInterface`.

```php
namespace App\Workflow;

#[\Temporal\Workflow\WorkflowInterface]
class MyWorkflow
{
   // ...
}

```

Configure Temporal engine to make it able to work with your activities and workflows in the `params.php`:

```php
// config/common/params.php

return [
    'yiisoft/yii-runner-roadrunner' => [
        'temporal' => [
            'enabled' => true,
            'host' => 'localhost:7233', // host of Temporal engine
            'workflows' => [
                \App\Workflow\MyWorkflow::class,
            ],
            'activities' => [
                \App\Activity\MyActivity::class,
            ],
        ],
    ],
]
```

> If you use another container instead of `yiisoft/di`, make sure that 
> `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\Temporal\TemporalDeclarationProvider` 
> is registered and returns all of your workflows and activities.

> The last two things are to call `withTemporalEnabled(true)` on the `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner` in the `public/index.php`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last thing is to call `withTemporalEnabled(true)` on the `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner` in the `public/index.php`:
```

> The last two things are to call `withTemporalEnabled()` on the `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner` and to add the following snippet to `config/params.php`:

Author: ```suggestion
The last two things are to call `withTemporalEnabled(true)` on the `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner` in the `public/index.php`:
```

> The last two things are to call `withTemporalEnabled()` on the `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner` and to add the following snippet to `config/params.php`:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last two things are to call `withTemporalEnabled()` on the `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner`:

```

Since there's nothing about `params.php`.

```php
(new RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner())

>     ->withTemporalEnabled()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ->withTemporalEnabled(true)
```

$runner = $runner->withPsr7Worker($psr7Worker);
```

## Temporal

Temporal is a distributed, scalable, durable, and highly available orchestration engine used to execute asynchronous long-running business logic in a scalable and resilient way.

> Explore more about Temporal on the official website https://temporal.io and in the sdk repository: https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-php.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore more about Temporal on [the official website](https://temporal.io) and in [the SDK repository](https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-php).
```

> > If you want to add support for Temporal you need to install the SDK and configure workflows and activities.

Reviewer: Is it useful info? Would it be described later in the README, or should I do it before? If so, where is that described? Maybe there should be a link?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to add support for Temporal you need to install the SDK and configure workflows and activities as described below.
```

### Installation

```shell
composer require temporal/sdk
```

### Configuration

> Temporal has at least two main class types: Activity and Workflow.

Reviewer: A very-very brief description is needed or, at least, a link to where these are described.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal has at least two main class types: [Activity](https://docs.temporal.io/activities) and [Workflow](https://docs.temporal.io/workflows).
```

Any activity must have the attribute `\Temporal\Activity\ActivityInterface`:

```php
namespace App\Activity;

#[\Temporal\Activity\ActivityInterface]
class MyActivity
{
   // ...
}
```

Any workflow must have the attribute `\Temporal\Workflow\WorkflowInterface`.

```php
namespace App\Workflow;

#[\Temporal\Workflow\WorkflowInterface]
class MyWorkflow
{
   // ...
}

```

> Configure Temporal engine to make it able to work with your activities and workflows.
> 
> Mention these classes in the `params.php`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Temporal engine to make it able to work with your activities and workflows in the `params.php`:
```

```php
// config/common/params.php

return [
    'yiisoft/yii-runner-roadrunner' => [
        'temporal' => [
            'enabled' => true,
            'host' => 'localhost:7233', // host of Temporal engine
            'workflows' => [
                \App\Workflow\MyWorkflow::class,
            ],
            'activities' => [
                \App\Activity\MyActivity::class,
            ],
        ],
    ],
]
```

> If you use another container instead of `yiisoft/di`, make sure that 
> `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\Temporal\TemporalDeclarationProvider` 
> is registered and returns all of your workflows and activities.

> The last two things are to call `withEnabledTemporal(true)` on the `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner` and to add the following snippet to `config/params.php`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last two things are to call `withTemporalEnabled()` on the `\Yiisoft\Yii\Runner\RoadRunner\RoadRunnerHttpApplicationRunner` and to add the following snippet to `config/params.php`:
```

Reviewer: The code ↓ is for `params.php`?
